Master, I have already entered the Vientiane Guiyang Palace
What!
Ruthless, that's not okay
You're kidding!
This Vientiane Guiyuan Palace, you are really getting started
Good master
This Vientiane Guiyuan Palace is really mysterious
Eight realms
Each weight can enhance one's own spiritual power
Five-fold power
If it can be cultivated to perfection
I'm afraid no one of the same rank can match
Sister, it looks like your record is about to be refreshed.
This kid actually built the Vientiane Guiyuan Palace
In such a short time
What a terrifying object this is!
But this Vientiane Guiyuan Palace hangs in gray
Student in a short time
I can only barely get started
Little Junior Brother, you are already very powerful
At that time, my father
Uh, Promise?
This Vientiane Guiyuan Palace is actually not too difficult
When I first started as a teacher
It's just a finger-flicking kung fu
You have to keep trying.
Sister, be careful to brag
As expected of the master
Don't worry, Wu Ji will continue to work hard.
Strive for
Cultivate it successfully within a month
Little brother has ambition
Unlike some people
It took 20 years to complete the practice
Showing off to everyone
20 years is not too difficult for Vientiane Guiyuan Palace
How could someone spend 20 years
Only then will it be cultivated to perfection